Update demonstrate-deployment-on-vm.md (#11022)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/demonstrate-deployment-on-vm.md

|**Hyper-V or a physical device running Windows 10**|The guide assumes that you'll use a Hyper-V VM, and provides instructions to install and configure Hyper-V if needed. To use a physical device, skip the steps to install and configure Hyper-V.|
|**An account with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Premium license**|This guide will describe how to get a free 30-day trial Azure AD Premium subscription that can be used to complete the lab.|

> [!NOTE]

> > When using a VM for Autopilot testing, assign at least 2 processors and 4gb of memory. *Note: The [minimum system requirements](/windows/whats-new/windows-11-requirements#virtual-machine-support) for Windows 11 are 2 processors and 4gb memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using a VM for Autopilot testing, assign at least two processors and 4 GB of memory.
```
